User agreement
This document "User Agreement" is a proposal by LLC
"Guest Place" (hereinafter referred to as the "Administration"), conclude an agreement on the terms set out below
Agreements.
1. General provisions of the User Agreement
1.1. In this document and the resulting or related relations of the Parties
, the following terms and definitions apply
: a) Platform — software and hardware integrated with the Website
Administrations;
b) The User is a capable individual who has joined this Agreement.
By agreement in his own interest or acting on behalf of and in the interests
of the legal entity he represents.
c) Service — a set of services and a license provided to the User using
Platforms.
e) Agreement — this agreement with all additions and amendments.
1.2. Your use of the Service in any way and in any form within its
declared functionality, including
1) viewing the materials posted on the Website;
2) registration and/or authorization on the Website;
3) posting or displaying any materials on the Site, including but not limited to
such as texts, hypertext links, images, audio and video files,
information and/or other information;
creates a contract on the terms of this Agreement in accordance with the provisions of Articles 437 and
438 of the Civil Code of the Russian Federation.
1.3. By using any of the above mentioned opportunities to use the Service, you
confirm that
a) You have read the terms of this Agreement in full before
using the Service.
b) Accept all the terms of this Agreement in full without any exceptions and
There are no restrictions on your part and you agree to comply with them or stop using them.
The service. If you do not agree with the terms of this Agreement or do not have the right to
conclude a contract based on them, you should immediately stop any
use of the Service.
c) The Agreement (including any of its parts) may be amended by the Administration without
any special notice. The new version of the Agreement comes into force from the moment
it is posted on the Administration's Website or brought to the User's attention in another format.
in a convenient form, unless otherwise provided by the new version of the Agreement.
2. General Terms of Use of the Service
2.1. The use of the functionality of the Service is allowed only after
the User has completed registration and authorization on the Website in accordance with
the procedure established by the Administration.
2.2. The technical, organizational and commercial terms of use of the Service,
including its functionality, are brought to the attention of Users by
separate posting on the Website or by notifying Users.
2.3. The username and password chosen by the User are necessary and sufficient
information for the User to access the Website. The user does not have the right to transfer his
login and password to third parties, and is fully responsible for their safety,
independently choosing the method of their storage.